<h2>Overview</h2>

Twitter is a popular social networking platform where members create and interact with messages known as “tweets”. This serves as a mean for individuals to express their thoughts or feelings about different subjects. Various different parties such as consumers and marketers have done sentiment analysis on such tweets to gather insights into products or to conduct market analysis. Furthermore, with the advancement of machine learning algorithms, we are able to improve the accuracy of sentiment analysis predictions.
In this project, we will attempt to conduct sentiment analysis on “tweets” using various different machine learning algorithms. We will attempt to classify the polarity of the tweet where it is either positive, negative or neutral. The dataset used in the report is a set of tweets which were tweeted for Obama and Romney in the run up to 2012 United States Presidential elections. The model used in the predictions classifies the tweet’s sentiment for Obama and Romney. The data provided comes with emoticons, hashtags, usernames and hashtags which are required to processed and converted into standard form. We also need to extract useful features from the text such as unigrams and bigrams which is a form of representation of the tweet.
We use several machine learning algorithms to conduct sentiment analysis using the extracted features. Ensemble methods were also tried for the predictions. Ensembling is a form of meta learning algorithms where we combine different classifiers in order to improve prediction accuracy. Finally, we report our experimental results and findings at the end.

<h4>Please read the report for more details about the project.</h4>
